= ParseHTML

http://parsehtml.rubyforge.org

== DESCRIPTION:

ParseHTML is an HTML parser which works with Ruby 1.8 and above.  ParseHTML will even try to handle invalid HTML to some degree.

== REQUIREMENTS:

Ruby 1.8

== INSTALL:

As a gem:
  
  sudo gem install parsehtml

Or as a plugin:

  script/plugin install git://github.com/cpjolicoeur/parsehtml.git

== USAGE:

  require 'parsehtml'

  html = %Q(
    <h1>This is my HTML code</h1>
    <p>Pass this <b>directly</b> into the parser</p>
  )

  parser = ParseHTML.new(html)  # Create a new parser object
  parser.next_node              # traverse through the HTML nodes
  parser.node                   # gives the current node (<h1>)
  parser.node_type              # gives the node type (tag)
  parser.open_tags              # lists any open tags ([])
  parser.tag_name               # gives the DOM tag name (h1)
  parser.is_block_element       # is this a block element? (true)
  parser.is_empty_tag           # is this an empty tag? (false)
  parser.is_start_tag           # is this a start tag? (true)
  parser.tag_attributes         # lists the current tags attributes ({})


== CONTRIBUTE:

  git clone git://github.com/cpjolicoeur/parsehtml.git

== DEVELOPERS:

Craig P Jolicoeur - http://craigjolicoeur.com

== ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:

ParseHTML is heavily based on the ParseHTML PHP library by Milian Wolf (http://milianw.de)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Craig P Jolicoeur

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
